two truths and a lie see if you're a
lithometer can figure this out
i always had trouble with this game my
mum was going to call me alfredo when i
was born
i can't work the tutoring door and i
broke my thumb on set
[Music]
liars i broke my thumb set i think the
custard
is the most vile thing that you can ever
eat
i practice if i can
yoga every day i have an aunt
called gertrude
[Music]
i don't practice yoga every day
i have a pin
in my left knee from a ski accident i
have
or had a broken nose i have a deformed
left finger
[Music]
and the lie is i have a broken nose
i was a vegetarian
until i was 13 years old i was a
chess champion in elementary school and
i am left-handed but i throw a frisbee
perfectly with my right hand
[Music]
the answer is i'm not that good at chess
i have never broken a bone when i found
out i got the part of will
i was in the czech republic we are in
bad wolf studios right now
[Music]
yes i've never broken a boat i am a
vegan
i can build a home in the woods out of
natural materials
i played willy wonka in a high school
production in charlie and chocolate
[Music]
factory
i actually played grandpa joe in my high
school production of charlie chocolate
factory
so it's pretty cool i've won
local competitions in athletics
cooking and art
[Music]
and the lie is cooking i broke my leg
the day before
i played marc anthony at the rsc
i am a dancer
and i used to be a ballet dancer my
uncle wrote a very famous song
[Music]
you